---4f1511992b86c3d28f958bcbf4d56511---
The delivery man in the gym%2C because he was in a rush had to%0A
the hairdresser in the hair salon%2C because the girl hates her long hair had to
Sense it was very late%2C the women in the park decided to
The bartender because the drinks were nice had to%0A
The divers at the port%2C as they had a flashlight in hand had to
As the sky was clear and the BLANK was good had to
the salesman in the ?? as the ?? prepares the ?? had to
As the baby cannot fall asleep%2C the mother in the yard should
When the order was given%2C the soldier on the base had to%0A
The barber in the kitchen%2C before the next customer had to will 
After meeting with the couple about the blueprint%2C the architect in the kitchen had to 
The tourists in the kitchen as they had a selfie stick had to 
The people were seated and the show started%2C the model on the catwalk had to
Because it was very loud outside%2C the reporters for the news had to%2C
Sense the student is asking for supervision%2C the principal in the office will
After the schedule was announced the athlete in the stadium had to%2C 
As the concert begins%2C the guitarist in the van will 
The cashier on the counter%2C as the goods from the belt appear will 
The agent on the service line%2C as the client complained will%2C 
The chef in the car%2C sense the customer had ordered something had to  
As the patient laid down%2C the pathologist in the bedroom will
As they set up the camp%2C the family at the lake prepared to%0A
The banker in the stock exchange%2C as the price increases will 
?? as the risk to ?? the banker in the ?? must
As the patient is under ?? the ?? in the ?? has to
The doctor in the hospital%2C as the patient was getting sicker and sicker had to 
As the singer promoted a new collab%2C a singer in the park had to
The manager in the conference room%2C as the meeting must start had to
%0AAs the new book had to be published%2C the author in the restaraunt had to 
the cook in the kitchen%2C after the potatoes were delivered had to 
As the camera rolls%2C the after on the set must 
The models on the runway%2C as soon as they are dressed should 
the waitress at the door%2C as the restaurant was busy and had a wait time should 
The rapper in the studio%2C as the beat dropped began too 
As the musical started%2C the actor on the stage had to
The interpreter in the booth%2C as the ?? started had to
The courier on the couch%2C as the ?? was loaded into the van had to 
The journalist behind the counter as the reporter arrived will 
The runner in the ?? was preparing for the competition had to 
As they had an ice axe%2C the mountaineer on the trail has to%0A
As the preparation's were being had%2C the sailor on the sail boat had to
the paramedics in the elevator%2C as there were some ?? due to the accident had to 
Sense the transcript was needed urgently%2C the trainee in the ?? had too
The ?? in the fortier%2C as he accepted in invitation had to%2C 
As the deer approaches%2C the hunter behind the tree will
Sense there was a long line%2C the patient in the back had to
The surgeon in the operating room%2C must
The electrician at the construction site has to 
The ?? in the?? as the ?? arrives had to%0A
Once everyone was quiet%2C the speaker on the train had to%0A
Sense the burglar escaped before the officer arrived%2C the police man in the coffee shop has to
The chirographer on stage%2C as one of the dancers got sick last minute had to%2C 
Sense the engine broke down%2C the mechanic in the shop had to
The grandmother in the store%2C sense she wanted to make them a sweater started to 
??%0A
The gardener in the yard%2C once the rain started had to 
Once the starting gun blasts%2C the ?? %0A
The reporter on the street once the ?? has started must 
As the weather is good and the sea is calm%2C the fisherman at the boat must%2C 
As the lights dimmed%2C the fan in the front row starts to 
The farmer at the market%2C as the weather is still good%2C must %0A
The artist in the studio%2C after arranging next months gallery in the studio must 
The librarian in the library after his ? left has to 
Because it was raining%2C the players in the park 
The therapist in the break room%2C once the couple starts to talk has to 
The ?? in the ?? starts to
The player at the food stand%2C as soon as the game begins will%0A
Because he was thirsty%2C the athlete in the cab decides to
As the warning message appears on her phone the ?? in the office decides to
Once the bell rings%2C the student on the playground had to
Once the apparatus broke down%2C the scientist inside of the science room has to %0A
The
the stewartis in the train%2C as the ?? 
As the passengers were quite distressed%2C the flight attendant in the bathroom must 
Sense all countries must implement the law%2C the translator in the bedroom has to
While the patient needs to take all of ?? the pharmacist in the lab has to 
The detective in the car wash%2C as the victims wife wants to know more about what happened has to
As the fire approaches fast%2C the ?? in the 
The driver on the sidewalk%2C as he approached the final station had to
As the ?? began lining up%2C the driver at the station had to%0A

---3028e7887ad94e66d4f5fe907c30cc88---
whiles talks in the European countries are held.
as the traveler readies
when it was approaching the finally destination.
because the apparatus broke down.
because he was in a rush
the company has to increase campaigns for some products.
as the deer approaches.
since the student is asking for supervision.
to make them a sweater
in the ballroom
in the studio
as the manager is in the conference room
because a patient needs brain surgery
because a transcript was needed urgently
in the locker room
as the package was loaded on the van
when the beat dropped
after the potatoes were delivered
as the passengers are quite distressed
as they had a flashlight in hand%0A
as he accepted the invitation
when the order was given
whiles the patient needs to take some medications
since the burglar escaped before the police came
as the camera rolls
as the interviews are held on the street
musical concert started
as the baby can not fall asleep
as they want to know what happened.
as the goods approach
as the stock price soars
as the pharmacist was in the office.
as the patient was getting sicker and sicker
after being notified that the new book needs to be published
as people started lining up
the timing seems appropriate
the athletes on the track seems thirsty
the blue prints of electricity are prepared
because he was preparing for a competition
as soon as the game begins
because the deadline was approaching
as the bell rings
as the weather is good
the patient is under local anesthesia
as the starting gun blasts
a customer has ordered something
the restaurant was busy
the guest are ready
as the scene was very loud outside
at the convenience store
as the fire spreads
in a long line
after the schedule was announced
by the librarian by the library cart
as one of the performers got sick at the last minute
in the raining season
when the couples start talkin to a therapist
in traffic
as the company needs some guidance with it work flows
at the beach
when the rain started
as soon as they dressed the runway
everyone was quite
the guitarist on the stage
because the engine broke down
as the journalist arrives
before next customer comes in
as there were customers at the bar
as people were seated and the show started
since it was very late
in the meeting room
in the tent
as the warning message has appeared on her phone
after arranging all the details for next month
as they have a selfie stick in hand
after meeting with the couples about the blueprint ideas
because the girl hates her long hair
as there were some victims
since all countries need to implement the new law
as the client complains

---61f3559549de508d322e493e3c8fe90c---
Because a customer order for%2C the chef in the kitchen have to
The fan in the front row as the light are dimmed
since she wanted to make them a sweater%2C the grandmother in the sitting room is
The actor on the set as the camera roll
After the potatoes were cook the cook in  the garden
when he as approaching the station%2C the driver in the driver's seat
The speaker on the train was when everyone was quiet
As the package was loaded in the van%2C the courier package was
As they had the light in their hand the diver was
The police officer in the coffee shop%2C since the burglar escape from the police
The mountaineer face as ice axe
When the couple started talking%2C the therapist was
The family at the lake 
Before the costumer come in%2C the barber in the barbing shop will
As the meeting begin%2C the team leader
The patient at the back%2C because there was a
as he accepted the invitation the sculptor in the restuarant
As the soar the banker in the suite was
The firefighter in the bed as fire spread
The publisher in restaurant 
As the victim wife wanted to know more
The trainee at the shop
As the train arrived the
The student on the playing ground as 
After arranging all the 
The professor in the office
When the beat drop the rapper on the stage began
The model on the cat walk
The travelers at the gate
The pathologist at the bedroom
The guitarist at the
As the goods on the belts approach
The transitor in the officer
Because he is in a rush
The architect in the
The woman in the
As they have a selfie stick in their hand
The doctor in the patient room
Because he was preparing for a competition
The actor on the stage as the musician
When it started rain the gardener
The player in the park
As the marketing department preparing for a campaign
As the company need a workflow
As the patient was getting sicker and
Because the bartender was polite and the
The conference room
As the meeting started the 
As one of the performance get sick the
The electrician at the construction site
As there was some victims due to the accident
As the weather is still good
The mechanic in the shop
As the interviewer and the politician as
The scientist in the garage
The reporters in the 
As the restaurant was busy
The hunter behind the tree as the deer
The astrology
As the client as complained
As his colleagues left
The fishermen at the office dock
The flight attendant
As soon as the game begin
The hotel manager on the sailing boats
The author at the park as the singer
Because the girl hate her long hair
The programmer at the office
As the attendant are ready
The sprinter on the
Because the deadline was approaching
As the photographer arrives as the journalist
The solider on the base
The pharmacist in the lab
The babysitter in the lab
While talks all in European language
The athlete in the stadium
The athlete in the stadium
As soon as they are dressed
Because a patient need head surgery